The protection level is poor. My phone fell off the table onto a flat floor while it was in this case and my tempered glass screen protector cracked.+-1
Love the blue bumper good case.+1
"Great product. Have been using it for more than 1.5 years now. No issues	 no hanging problem. Battery life is same as on day one. Each of their products is just awesome.+1
"The protection level is poor. My phone fell off the table onto a flat floor while it was in this case and my tempered glass screen protector cracked.+-1	
"Love the blue bumper case.+1	
"This is a great band! Never used one before buying this but I tried out a couple of other bands once I had this wrapped around my wrist and my take is - heavy VFM !+1	
"Never buy this product	 it is too bad.+-1
"I love the shoes. Thess are my first lotto shoes. Thanks amazon. Price is very less for this quality.+1	
"Good product. Happy with the purchase.+1	
"Product is great. Same as described.+1	
"Very poor quality.+-1	
"Nice kurta rich looking.+1	
"Not good.+-1	
"T-Shirt is different in real than display pic. Didn't like it.+-1	
very poor quality shoes.my left heel has stated hurting after I used the pair for about a week and for some reason the right foot sock slips into the shoe after walking a km or so.+-1
"Very cheap quality of the product. Not sure even it is ORIGINAL Rebook or NOT. Didn't expected this from Amazon.+-1	
"Look is sort of duplicate product. Quality is poor.+-1	
"Fake product	 worst finishing.+-1
"Chhi chhi very bad product of Reebok. Size & colour differ so much.quality is very poor.+-1	
"Very comfortable shoes purchased at right time for 1150. Completely brand new	 but box got damaged during shipping. But take a size larger than what you normally wear. I wear 8 but bought 9 and it fits perfectly.+1
This shoes are really good !!!! And gud Comfort level with reasonable prize !!!.+1
"It's very good product. Good comfortable n nice look. Very nice at its price.+1	
The movie is pathetic+-1
its ok+1
They look good and stick good! I just don't like the rounded shape because I was always bumping it and Siri kept popping up and it was irritating. I just won't buy a product like this again+-1
These stickers work like the review says they do. They stick on great and they stay on the phone. They are super stylish and I can share them with my sister. :)+1
These are awesome and make my phone look so stylish! I have only used one so far and have had it on for almost a year! CAN YOU BELIEVE THAT! ONE YEAR!! Great quality!+1
Item arrived in great time and was in perfect condition. However, I ordered these buttons because they were a great deal and included a FREE screen protector. I never received one. Though its not a big deal, it would've been nice to get it since they claim it comes with one.+1
awesome! stays on, and looks great. can be used on multiple apple products.  especially having nails, it helps to have an elevated key.+1
These make using the home button easy. My daughter and I both like them.  I would purchase them again. Well worth the price.+1
Came just as described.. It doesn't come unstuck and its cute! People ask where I got them from & it's great when driving.+1
Surprisingly, this inexpensive version works just as well and just as reliably as the expensive variety. It has been working for me for months now. No problem. Excellent value.+1,
It worked great for the first couple of weeks then it just stopped completely.. so basically a small waste of money.+-1
I love that it has two ports for my phone and ipod. Who wants to be putting too many things in one socket.  Sleek and convenient to store and I just love it.+1
just what you need, I am always having to charge my phone and then find I have another item to charge also.+1,
They are nothing special for sure, but it's nice that you can tell when it is powered up by the led that glows in it.  able to charge two phones at once in the car which is nice.+1,
I have several chargers. Have more than one vehicle so I keep more than one of these in each. Nothing more frustrating than finding all of a sudden one quits working, and you have no way to recharge your phone. That is always when you need it most.  This one works well for any of my products.+1,
I bought this a little skeptical. After I tried it I bought two more. It works great and so far it has lasted for about 3 months. If that changes I will update this review.+1
I am disappointed that the 1A didn't work with my iPad.  That's what I get for buying a cheap adapter.+-1
This is a nice charger but you can tell it was made cheaply in China.  When it is charging the phone, the car radio gets LOTS of static.  Not so much that I have to stop charging but like when you are near power lines and the radio station is far away.So, no RF shielding.I gave it 4 stars because it works fine for me, but if you listen to the radio, you might consider it is more like 2 or 3 stars.+1
After a week only one side works.+1
Yo get exactly what you order in a timely fashion. And the item is just as described. Great buy if you ask me.+1
This is a terribly awesome product in my Subaru's console.  Passengers love it, I love it because it emits a blue glow, because it has held up to abuse over the years and performs like new.+1
I've bough a munch of different things like this over the years. Most wouldn't stay in the jack, or would give out after a few days. This one is GREAT!+1,
Only works one side at a time. When you connect two cables, one side stop working and also overheated burning the fuses. I purchased two of them and it's the same problem. Cheap and bad quality.+-1,
it works great i like i can charge two thing at the same now i dont have to wait for my to finish charging her phone.+1
It came at last, good looking and the price was good and i believe it is worth the time I waited for it to come to me good job.+1,
Didn't last very long. Worked great when it worked but it is a cheap piece of plastic crap so I shouldn't have expected it to last.+-1
excellent product, works great , have easy handling, and good quality as it is announced. reached as is shown time and in very good condition thank you very much for everything.+1
This portable USB Port car charger is a must have for people on the go.  Pair this with an extra or spare cord and you are good to go!+1
I love the way it can charge 2 devices at once!  Seems to charge quicker without GPS on, with it on, it only holds the battery, but better than it dying!!!.+1
Bought so we could charge to phones at the same time while in the car from the same port.  Works.+1
I received this product before I expected. It looks pretty good and It works with my Iphone (3GS) and my phone (HTC Evo V 3D). It is a good deal because It is not easy to find something like this for this price.+1
I have several of these, from various retailers, all the same, each made in some anonymous Chinese factory, all exactly alike.They're great. They really do work, and they do deliver 2.1 and 1.0 power as they say they will do. They do the job.You wouldn't expect much QC for a $2 electrical product, but they each work just fine.They don't last forever-- about a year or two of active daily use seems about par, then they suddenly die. So do have some replacements on hand. At this price, no problem.Yes, they work with both my iPhone and iPad. Also with every other USB device I've needed to charge.The LED light that indicates you are plugged in correctly is very helpful.These are great for rental cars and travel. If you leave one behind, hey, it's only $2.I'm totally pleased with these clever little gems. No complaints. I wouldn't be without a couple, especially for travel.Hope this is helpful. Happy trails, all.+1
good product at low price.purchased this looking for a smaller charger and I love Griffin products.Free shipping just took a little longer.+1
I use this in my car to charge my phone and my iPod as needed. It works well, but the bright blue light can be annoying when driving at night. Overall, a very good deal.+1
I bought this so that I could use and charge my Tab at the same time. My tab does not recognize the high power port and will either charge while off or use power while on, it will not charge while powered on.+-1,
I bought this to charge my iphone and tablet in the car. works for iphone but not the tablet. I needed a stronger charge for that but this is still great for both iphoe and ipod together. it's cheap, small and compact+1,
very good charger, it woks fine, no complaints!!! I would recommend it!! It was good, but not using it anymore!+1
This product arrived when promised and in the condition promised. It is a genuine Blackberry charger. It was brand new and worked perfectly. For the price," I don't think you can ask for much more than that!""+1",
Great product. Use this with my Galaxy S4. At this price I bought 2 more. One for work and one to keep in the car incase I ever travel and forget my charger.+1
Honestly I have always loved this specific model, since you can just take it with you on the road not worrying if you end up losing it or leaving it where ever you go. Though it doesn't exactly meet the fast charging needs of high end phones, it works pretty well on all of them, you just need to be patient.+1
I bought this for my Samsung Charge. It works perfectly and is built as solidly as the $20 Verizon charger. I highly recommend this car charger and thanks for the great price!+1
It does what it needs to do, very pleased. I bought some other cheap lame one and will never go back.+-1,
This is another great product and i will always order from here in the future. money spent well!! If you need a great car charger this is the one you need!!
goes into the lighter port a little rough but it charges the phone fine. I wish it had a little more reach so i could use the phone from the passenger seat of the car more comfortably but its not a big problem. it will reach pretty far because of the coiled section but this will put stress on the charge port of your phone which many people dont realize will eventually break it.+1
Charger works great. Haven't had any issues with it at all. I wish it has a retractable cord like some other chargers I've used, but other than that, I love it.+1
It worked fine for a few days then I had to change to cord........The charger itself working fine up to this point..........Rather than send it back I bought another cord from sprint for $19.00.+1
fast delivery, works well. Not very long.+1,
Works great nice long cord. Does the trick. Bought several of these to put in diff. rooms & one for work.+1
Good charger and is perfect because it is also has a USB connection. Also love that it is original material it works like that too giving a quick charge when i need it.+1
I have had 3 phone chargers go bad in two weeks. I can not say where I purchased them. Most chargers for cell phones are cheaply made. This one is OK I guess.+-1
Got this to replace a frayed OEM cord. The cord itself is ok ;however, the plug that looks like OEM and is stamped as such, is crap! Took 8 times longer to charge with this unit! When the cord was paired with the actual OEM plug in, it worked fine. So if you need a cord its ok; however, it is definitely not OEM and the plug is worthless. For the price and really just needing a cord it is a good value but I am very disappointed with the false markings as OEM when it is certainly not.+-1
I received this product in a very timely manner which was delightful, however, I gave it as a gift and was embarrassed to find out it was a defective item. I was reimbursed for the product but would have much rather had a product that worked the first time.+-1
I thought this would be a Samsung product but look like a cheap counterfiet. It came crushed and is slow to charge my phone.+-1
This detachable sansung galaxy s2 travel charger is simply good. It works perfectly.  The cherry on the cake is because it is longer than the factory original l received with the phone.+1
Had all the marking of a legit samsung product but the cord stop working after 3 days. I'm not upset because it was very inexpensive but maybe you should spend a little more and buy a better product off amazon. When it did work it worked very well.+-1
I love it.  It charges my phone quickly and the cord is super long.  I leave it at home but will purchase another to leave at work.+1
In a nutshell, this is NOT an OEM charger.  Although it has the Samsung markings, it doesn't seat well with a Samsung phone.  This means that it's either meant for another market or it's counterfeit.  With that said, I wouldn't buy this again.~~~~~~~~~~August 17, 2013 - UpdateThe seller tried to make amends by sending me three replacement chargers.  After using this for a while, it is still garbage.  It does not charge my phone and in fact, it drains the phone.  This must be a counterfeit product.  It has Samsung markings but it does not charge the phone.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!+-1,,,,,,,
After 2 weeks my charger just fell apart while i was taking it from the plug , not a strong charger at all i would have asked for my money but it wasn't even worth it .+-1,
I am pleased with this purchase.  The detachable cable option gives very good flexibility for use with other USB cable chargers.  Good quality for a travel charger.+1
Love it works great never had a issue with it at all would buy a million more ifi needed them.+1
It works fine. I like it if I have any problems I will update you.+1
I have been using my Blackberry Curve for almost 2 years and only 3 times have I been able to run the battery to empty in one day. This car charger works as you would expect it to so if you're more addicted to your Blackberry then I am (and I am fairly glued to mine) this charger will keep your thumbs moving even longer then they probably should :) .+1
Since BB battery does not last too long, I plug in my BB car charger into my BB every time I'm in my car. This keeps my BB charged all day long. A must for every BB owner out there.+-1,
It Works perfect. It charges my phone pretty quickly and it's great that it retracts. No problems with this charger.+1
This is an excellent divice, I have order several within 6 months for family and friends who wanted to take mine. Love it!.+1,
This charger doesn't work very well. When plugged in, it shows that it is charging, but after ten minutes I'm lucky to get 1% more on my battery. I only use it now if my battery is low and I want to keep it from getting lower...that's really all it's good for.+1
I was pretty upset to find that one day it stopped charging my phone, right in the middle of a long trip. FFFFFFUUUUUUU...+-1,
I really like this charger and not having the cord hanging around all the time when it's not necessary.  Item was received quickly and was as seller stated. The cord retracts in a snap when I'm done with it. It also pulls out to whatever length so that I can just pull it out a short way to plug my phone in and the cord is not everywhere. I recommend it.+1
It works, that's about all that can be said for it. It charges my Galaxy fine, but cord does not retract. Mine came with a busted spring. Cheap enough I don't care, not worth the shipping to return. It charges, I suppose that's all that matters+.-1
Looking at the price, I ordered 2 of these.It served the purpose initially. But in few months one of them stopped working.that's 50% hit rate. Though, I don't what's the life for the other charger.+-1
Initially it is a great charger at a great price. However, I've been through 2 now and they tend to not last very long. For the price though I guess it's still not a bad deal.+-1,
was somewhat concerned after reading some of the reviews. Price was great so I bought extras just in case. Quality seems great. Cord not quite as flimsy as expected from other comments. Love not having the cords getting tangled in car.+1
I love the retractable feature as it hides away so nicely. I does the job just as well as a thick corded device. excellent product.+1
This works just fine to recharge my Captivate. With some products, it's impossible to get a good tight connection to the phone at the USB end; this one does not have that problem.+1,
Item shipped and arrived very fast. Item is perfect for my car & phone, very compact. Item is as advertise.+1,
I've used this for almost 2 years now and it JUST NOW broke. But I can still used it. The button that retracts it just got loose so it doesn't latch anymore.+1
It works and is a good value for the price compared to the retail stores. The only negative is that it is just a tad too short.+1
works great. it is always good to have backup cables and this one works great and replaced my old one.+1
I have purchased many chargers for my Samsung phone on amazon and honestly the quality is just so so on them.  Maybe I'm just really hard on chargers but I feel like they should last more than a few months.  Spend the money and get a good quality one.+1
I got this to charge my Samsung Galaxy S2 but it ALWAYS came unplugged from the phone, whenever the phone would be moved it falls out and even just resting on a flat surface it would eventually find its way out of the phone. I had to buy another USB cord because I became very frustrated with this.+-1,
Purchased this USB cable to connect my Samsung smartphone to my laptop computer.  Works well and fits my needs and expectations.+1
it works great and came at the right time you can never have enough chargers for every where lol thanks.+1Works fine IF you don't move the phone.  If you handle the phone," the plug works its way out within two or three minutes.  This despite a relatively stiff fit.  Note that the cord that came with the phone plugs in smoothly and securely.  That's my general-use cord now; this one is relegated to overnight charging where the phone isn't being used.""",
Disappointed at how cheap they are and doubt they were designed for newer devices.  They are also very short.  Took a long time to ship.  Specifically purchased due to the ad saying they were for Samsung Galaxy devices.  It did not work in my S4.  They require a good charger a d one that is newer and better.+-1
damaged charger. when i recieved it the charger had a short in it. i had to wiggle the cord for my phone to charge.+-1
These were really inexpensive and they work just like I wanted them to.There have been no problems so far.+1
do you need to charge your phone? so you need to transfer data? then boy oh boy this cable does that.+1
well bought this so i could have a spare cord since i have the original cord in my car with a usb charger there got tired of keeping track where i had it last.  so this cord works on when plugged into the wall.  when hooked to a pc phone wont stay connected to the pc to transfer files or anything.  so if you just need a cord to plug into the wall this will work but don't even think of this cord if you want to use it with a pc.+-1
I was really impressed by the price and was very excited when it arrived. But it doesn't work like it says it does. At first it charged my phone just fine but then it stopped charging; I waited a day to charge again but it still didn't charge.+1
This charger does the trick.  The charger in my car doesn't work when the ignition is off, and who wants a dangling cord hanging down in their field of vision while driving.Have charged the T505 up once since I got it, and the battery life is reported to be around 18 hours of usage or 30 days of standby.  I may charge it every couple of weeks.  Very convenient accessory.+1
not much to say about a wall charger except it charges my bluetooth perfectly.  I'm glad I bought it.  Thank you!+-1
The Motorola T505 doesn't come with an AC charger, only a DC charger. This makes a great addition to the package. You can charge in your home at night.+1,
I'll never understand how one review can say this item works exactly as it should and how the next complains about it not working...for the EXACT same phone! I just don't get it. I decided to try it out despite the people that said it didn't work," and I'm glad I did. It's exactly what I expected and wanted. I actually bought 2 of these so I could leave one in my car and one at work. For only $4 and some change for the both...this was a GREAT buy for me and now I never have to worry about my Incredible running out of battery!"".+-1",
This cable not recommended for this device. That is what I get for an error message. Plus it is really short.+-1
I only trust HTC accessories for HTC phones having bad luck with aftermarket products that are cheaper, but cheap is expensive.+-1,
This case was by far the best case I bought for this phone.  It is very stylish and I received many compliment.+1
This is the cutest case EVER!  I love it because it was easy to apply.  I had to switch from the rubber one because after so many uses, it wears out like the bottom hem of a sweater that has been stretched.  This case keeps my phone intact and protected at the same time...WOO HOO!!.+1,
my daughter liked it for a few days and then i didnt see it anymore on the phone. Use your judgement on that one.+-1
This is one of my favorite cases I have this one on my phone I really love the color a lot.+1
It looked like it was used! It was broken when it got to be the paint job was horrible.I would never get it again.+-1
This case for some reason is peeling, there isn't much left of the orginal skin, i loved the case with pink being my favorite color but i wouldn't recommend this specific one for anyone.+-1
The color is more dark in person, and this isnt the best protection case. I get a lot of compliments on the case, and it was easy to put on.+-1
Simple to install and a great way to help protect your phone.My wife really liked the ability to change the look of her phone.+1
I loved the case when I first received it but shortly after, the case started to peel off at first i did not know what it was until i looked on the back of the case and it was missing spots. Guess sometimes a good deal is not really a good deal.would not purchase.+-1,
Since I am always on my phone, the battery life is very short. After purchasing this battery case I am no longer worried about running out of battery life.+-1,
Watch-out, all these positive reviews are fake. Some have even reviewed it twice using the same name. What a sleazy way to sell an item.+-1,
My brother just got the HTC One, and I promised him an awesome case like the one I have for my S4.Super sleek look, fits well, doesn't get overheated and saves the day every now and then! Especially when GPS is needed!.+1
I never do this, but I almost bought this product based off of the amazing sounding fake reviews provided by the shills for PowerBear. If you look at all the positive reviews for this case, you will see that none of them are verified purchases and yet every negative review, other than this one of course, is a verified purchase. What that means is that everyone who has actually bought and used this product thinks that it is crap. Furthermore, many of the reviewers have posted twice on this product, once per color. Why Amazon allows this is beyond me, but that is not the point. Also, if you look at the profiles of the positive reviewers, you will see that they have posted multiple positive reviews for PowerBear products and many of the reviews are carbon copies of each other. Beware the paid shills!.+-1,,,,
This is absolutely amazing, more than doubles my battery life, so I can forget about carrying my charger all the time.For such a good price, this is just the right deal. A++++++++.+1
Bought case for me and wife to qualify for free shipping. Came in different colors to match phone.  Can go entire 24 hours without charging; but I am not a kid playing games all day long. No complaints or problems. (Personally I wrote another review in the wrong spot since we had diff phones and diff colors I f&%$ up).+1
very good charger, it woks fine, no complaints!!! I would recommend it!! It was good, but not using it anymore!.+1
This product arrived when promised and in the condition promised. It is a genuine Blackberry charger. It was brand new and worked perfectly. For the price, I don't think you can ask for much more than that.+1,
Great product. Use this with my Galaxy S4. At this price I bought 2 more. One for work and one to keep in the car incase I ever travel and forget my charger.+1
Honestly I have always loved this specific model, since you can just take it with you on the road not worrying if you end up losing it or leaving it where ever you go. Though it doesn't exactly meet the fast charging needs of high end phones, it works pretty well on all of them, you just need to be patient.+1
I've had this charger well over a year now, and it still works perfectly.  Most chargers would have broken by now.  The folding blades make this more portable than the chargers that come with some Blackberry models that have adapters for different countries.+-1,
so far no problems, it charges fast that is what i need it. it doesn' have an USB as it specified, jus a direct wall charger.+-1
Great ! So far.I had this charger before and it seem to last pretty good 3 years fits most phones except Iphone and Galaxy 5  but that phone can still use it in the right side of the portal it will Judy charge it a bit slower. When this charger goes it tends to loose it's fit firmly in usb and has a short.+1
Another very good phone charger that does the job and has a  very affordable price that anyone can afford  to buy it.+1
This charger woks wonderfully on the Samsung Galaxy S4.  it chargers the phone fast and the price is great!  Highly Recommended product!+1
Hope to use it soon.  My other one worked sometimes.  This one does not have the light on unless you are charging.+-1
"es un cable para carro de not excelente calidad , original de samsung , lo tengo algun tiempo sin ningun problema+-1
Great product - Great price+1
Awesome+1
great charger+1
this is great buy and very useful+1
It Works Great+1
Very fast charging.+1
ok so far+1
FAIL+-1
Great car charger+1
Not good.+-1
LIGHT DUTY FAILURE+-1
Beats the Sprint.com price+1
Does not work.+-1
Good charger+1
Its okay+1
Car Charger+1
Great+1
Works great!+1
good charger and great for the price+1
cool+1
good charger+1
Works as expected+1
Stopped Working after 1 1/2 month..+-1
Samsung Official OEM Car Charger for your Galaxy S2 Phone! Original...+1
insuperable+-1
This Charger is awesome! First of all I wasn't expecting it until between 12/12  and 12/17, but it arrived on 12/11,So That was a plus for me! Second, I was kinda skeptical about purchasing it because it says that its for a Galaxy S and Blackberry so that can mean a lot of things! but I figured what the heck its cheap, so what can I loose!  Well, I just got it today and decided to give it a try at work on my Galaxy S4,  it charged  from 80%  to 100%  in about 7 minutes!! Yes i timed it!  and also the cord is long which is a plus for me!  So if your looking for a fast charger with a long cord and not to mention a great price, this is the one!!update:  not sure what the other reviewer meant by saying these are poor quality chargers, because I've had mine for a little over 2 weeks and it's still going strong!!  Love this charger  especially  for the length!!+1,,,,,
The charger only lasted a week ad after that it just stopped charging my Samsung Galaxy S3.  They really need to start making these chargers better....I've been thru several!!!!.+-1
This is another great product and i will always order from here in the future. money spent well!! If you need a great car charger this is the one you need!!.+1
This is a very well built and designed case,with a very cool and attractive color. Phone dies too quickly without it.+1,
I was surprised it game in three steps, but when i put the case together and slid my phone in, i loved it. It is hard to get off+1
I was looking for something different to my wife and this case its strong and beautiful. Good price and i recommend it.+1
This PowerBear case is a lifesaver!! Charges fast, always reliable. I also love the glossy texture of the case. Highly recommend!!+1,
Love it this case is just what I expected and I love the design, it is slim and protects my case more than I thought it would.+1,
this is really cute phone case, i like it alot, and it came in when it stated it would too.+1
Bought one for me and another for the wife. Acts as phone protector and charging case in one. Hold charge all day so no complaints.+1
Really cute but the heart doesn't really show up if you have the white iPhone 4. 3 piece case & fits like a glove, looks really cute. Shipping took about 2-3 weeks but really enjoy the case. Do recommend.+1,
I used to be obsessed with changing phone cases, but now I am obsessed with THIS phone case!! What a great find !! 5 STARS.+1,
This product is great. I like the kickstand on the back. The power indicator is very convenient to know charge pack status.+-1
Not Many HTC one battery cases for sale and this one is pretty good for the price. I would give it 4.5 stars and 5 if the price was $5 cheaper.+1
Great quality product , I love this case it is the perfect sidekick to an always dyeing phone . Now my phone is charged anywhere anytime thanks to powerbear . Really like the name of the case as well !! 5 stars deff !+1,
This case helps me run my day smoothly without having to worry about my phone dying. Plus the color is very beautiful.+1
In a nutshell, this is NOT an OEM charger.  Although it has the Samsung markings, it doesn't seat well with a Samsung phone.  This means that it's either meant for another market or it's counterfeit.  With that said, I wouldn't buy this again.~~~~~~~~~~August 17, 2013 - UpdateThe seller tried to make amends by sending me three replacement chargers.  After using this for a while, it is still garbage.  It does not charge my phone and in fact, it drains the phone.  This must be a counterfeit product.  It has Samsung markings but it does not charge the phone.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!.+1,,,,,,,
After 2 weeks my charger just fell apart while i was taking it from the plug , not a strong charger at all i would have asked for my money but it wasn't even worth it.+-1,
I am pleased with this purchase.  The detachable cable option gives very good flexibility for use with other USB cable chargers.  Good quality for a travel charger.+-1
charges me up all the way. doubles my battery liek promised. case protects well and the color is awesome nice.+1
The color is amazing all of my friends are jealous and ask me where did I get it. They are even more jealous when I tell them how much I paid for it! Great case, powers me up and VERY stylish. Matches my 5C PERFECTLY :).+1,
much slimmer than I thought and it ads 125% battery. I am charged for the full day with this case.+1
I haven't had any problems with it.  It just like the oringal charger that comes with the Galaxy S 2.+1
I would like to start off by saying that this product is what I ordered and I have no complaints about shipping or the condition of the product when it came to my house, the problem I do have is the micro usb cable that comes with the charger. Why is it that all of the different companies that sell chargers on Amazon can get the plug part of the charger right but not the micro usb cord? The cord is cheap and not the original cord that comes with the other part of the charger. I am having the same issue with the charger that I ordered for my galaxy note 2. It's a very thin cord, and also very short. Maybe, a 2 21/2 foot cord? And its of a cheaper quality than the part of the charger that the micro usb plugs into.+-1
thank you. it did not disappoint. was as expected and does the job though I am going to a new phone as the galaxy 2 has been acting up consistently. shutting down by surprise etc.+1
I love it.  It charges my phone quickly and the cord is super long.  I leave it at home but will purchase another to leave at work.+1
it's a charger for dirt cheap and the shipping wasn't more than the item. I wish they had the batteries i needed as well for my phone. but great all an all.+-1
although i do not use the charger, the cable is useful.  it is longer than what is given with the phone.  the additional length allows the phone to be placed in plain sight, instead of down by the wall receptical.+1
This charger doesn't charge the battery of my Samsung Galaxy S2 (i9100) properly.When I connect it to my S2, the screen gets frozen and the cell behaves in a unusual (abnormal) way..+-1,
This charger is exactly like the original one that came with my phone.  It is most definitely a good buy for the price!+1
works good with our phones, better actually than the charger that came with one of the phones initially , great price.+1
Was here right on time.Wall adapter what I expected and works well but dose Not Have Quick-Charge As This ad states and that was the,Whole reason I chose this chager so that is horribly disappointing and inconvenient ..... The micro usb is useless it looks and acts cheaply made, and dose not fit well in to ports an either end will periodically stop working and my phone will freeze and turn off periodically as well....I know its the usd because I tried it in several devices and adapters and it had the same problems....I Will never order from Amazon Again Only two orders out of 13 have come without Defect or Wrong Probuct!Ugh!+-1
Works well. We use this for travel and it lives in our luggage most of the year. For the low price having an extra USB charger this works great. Charges our Galaxy S3 and Note 2.+1
I needed a charger quick and I didn't want to spend $20.00 at the convenience store for a short, crappy charger. For this price," the charger is great.Pros: The cord length is perfect if you have a tall bed. I don't have to struggle to see my phone when I'm laying down.Cons: The plug in is a little blocky but nothing to worry about. The connecter doesn't like to stay in place 100% of the time. It does NOT fall out but if you wiggle it just right it disconnects the charge. My phone is also old and the port is a little worn. That could be my issue.If you need a good charger for a cheap price. Buy this!""",,,,"Buy this if you want a good, long charger"+1
Bought as a spare charger for the house and turned into my main charger because my other one failed. Nice long cable and has held up for tons of charges for my Galaxy S3.+1
goes into the lighter port a little rough but it charges the phone fine. I wish it had a little more reach so i could use the phone from the passenger seat of the car more comfortably but its not a big problem. it will reach pretty far because of the coiled section but this will put stress on the charge port of your phone which many people dont realize will eventually break it.,,,,buy it if you need a car charger.+-1
"I purchased two of these chargers for my sister and girlfriend. They both have Samsung Galaxy phones and needed a car charger so being the OEM fanboy I am, I swooped up on a couple of these for them while remaining slightly skeptical of what was actually going to show up in the mail at this price.I'm happy to report I definitely received 2 OEM Samsung car chargers in the mail in sealed bags with part # barcodes (the kind you'd normally receive in a new/refurb phone). Can't go wrong with the price and certainly can't argue with the benefits of OEM vs. generic (mA output and reliability at the top of the list!).",,,,OEM Samsung micro USB charger.+1
"I went thru 3 car charges which they all either stopped working after a few uses or never worked to begin with.This car harder not only works it also charges my phone lightening fast!!! LOVE IT, LOVE IT LOVE IT!!If u are debating u can rest assured this thing is awesome.Cheap and it works!.+1
"First, this is kind of cheap-looking, but I did try to buy the cheapest OEM car charger I could for my phone, so that's forgiveable.  The springs on the side don't have much force, though, so this is constantly slipping out of the 12V car port.  The cable is sturdy, but the rubber near the connector is kind of stiff, which makes charging AND operating your phone on the go a bit of a hassle.  It's held up well since I purchased it though.UPDATE:  Stopped charging after a month.+-1
"I've been using this for about 4 months now and it works just as it is intended.  I would buy again.  Quality product.The cord could stand to be a little longer, but it is of a decent length.Works just fine.+1
Works great nice long cord. Does the trick. Bought several of these to put in diff. rooms & one for work.+1
Good charger and is perfect because it is also has a USB connection. Also love that it is original material it works like that too giving a quick charge when i need it+1
I have had 3 phone chargers go bad in two weeks. I can not say where I purchased them. Most chargers for cell phones are cheaply made. This one is OK I guess.+-1
"Got this to replace a frayed OEM cord. The cord itself is ok ;however, the plug that looks like OEM and is stamped as such, is crap! Took 8 times longer to charge with this unit! When the cord was paired with the actual OEM plug in, it worked fine. So if you need a cord its ok; however, it is definitely not OEM and the plug is worthless. For the price and really just needing a cord it is a good value but I am very disappointed with the false markings as OEM when it is certainly not.Con Brennan+-1
"I received this product in a very timely manner which was delightful, however, I gave it as a gift and was embarrassed to find out it was a defective item. I was reimbursed for the product but would have much rather had a product that worked the first time.+-1
It worked fine for a few days then I had to change to cord........The charger itself working fine up to this point..........Rather than send it back I bought another cord from sprint for $19.00 fast delivery+-1
I thought this would be a Samsung product but look like a cheap counterfiet. It came crushed and is slow to charge my phone.This detachable sansung galaxy s2 travel charger is simply good. It works perfectly.  The cherry on the cake is because it is longer than the factory original l received with the phone.+1
Had all the marking of a legit samsung product but the cord stop working after 3 days. I'm not upset because it was very inexpensive but maybe you should spend a little more and buy a better product off amazon. When it did work it worked very well.+-1
good product at low price.purchased this looking for a smaller charger and I love Griffin products.Free shipping just took a little longer.+1
I am pleased with this purchase. The detachable cable option gives very good flexibility for use with other USB cable chargers. Good quality for a travel charger.+1
I bought this for my Samsung Charge. It works perfectly and is built as solidly as the $20 Verizon charger. I highly recommend this car charger and thanks for the great price!+1
"It does what it needs to do, very pleased. I bought some other cheap lame one and will never go back.+1
"Charger works great. Haven't had any issues with it at all. I wish it has a retractable cord like some other chargers I've used, but other than that, I love it.+1
It works great  thus  far no issues.  The only thing i might have limited was a usb Connect or it charges my t989 without fail+1
"The big store that is in every town now (can't say their name) either does not carry anything or is always out of stock. If they ever have anything is stock, it is cheap junk that does not last. I got this cord thru amazon for a fraction of the price I usually pay for the junk at that big national store. This cord works perfectly and has lasted for months now. I also bought at the same time 2 other cheaper charger cords thru amazon that work perfectly. Since this one still works, I have the other two to fall back on when this one finally goes out. This is a great car charger, and it does not cost near as much as the junk you get at the local store--not to mention this is the Samsung brand charger verses their junk.+1
Good lengthEasy to useVery fast chargingI would recommend it to persons who use their phone a lot.+1
luving it  right now will last about 4 mo so you cant beat the price for it I got 4 of them.+1
"JUNK!!!......This product must be miss labeled.  I can not get my Samsung S2 phone to charge with this OEM charger.  The lights are on, the phone says its charging but nothing happens.  I am not sure if I got a defective product but it is very upsetting to sit in your car for hours and not see your phone recharge.  If you need a reliable charger, DO NOT purchase this product.If you need a car charger for your Samsung S2, I would recommend the Motorola Vehicle Power Adapter.  It charges fast and is dependable.+-1
"A very good car charger for your phones, charged my phone pretty quickly and quite affordable, I recommend it to anyone to have as a back up to your charger.+1
"The Samsung car charger has stopped working within a 6 month period.  I thought a fuse was blown inside the unit but when I attempted to change it, I've noticed that it doesn't come apart like most vehicle chargers.+-1
"WHAT A GREAT PRICE!RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX, PLUG N UPLOAD SUM JUICE ...DON'T KNOW IF DROPPING IT REPEATEDLY ON THE FLOORBOARD,OR OCCASIONALLY STUFFING IT IN CONSOLE TO HIDE CAUSED FAILURE ...BUT SOON THE GREEN LIGHT FAILED TO LIGHT, AND PHONES DISPLAY SHOWEDIT WASN'T CHARGING. SO EITHER SPEND SEVERAL MORE DOLLARS FOR ONE WITHA HEAVIER CORD/STRONGER SHELL OR TREAT IT AS A DELICATE FLOWER.",It works...mostly as a conversation piece since it won't charge a thing.+-1
Sprint wanted $30 fro the same item.  This is OEM and not third party after market. Bought two.  Work great,1
Plugged into the car and worked the first couple of days. Hasn't worked since. My phone does not even recognize it's plugged in.+-1
This charger works great. I love the fact that the LED on it does not light up until it is plugged into the phone. Great bargain.,Serves its purpose.+1
"Though I`m not a expert in cell phone chargers. This thing works good, but its not all fireworks and hotel parties. Its a charger and it works so I guess buy it.",AN OK DEVICE,.+-1
I used this charger for a couple of months now. Its a very good charger. It charges my phone very quickly.,Be careful when buying electronics for cellphones when not from the manufacturer.+-1,
It is Samsung brand..works with my Android phones..Galaxy Nexus 4 and Galaxy S2 and S3...recommend it highly for anyone with a microUSB phone,Creamysmooth,Unfortunate item.,-1
I needed a car charger and this was very affordable and it worksgreat! The same thing from the store was three times the price.,"04 3, 2013",dadams l adams,Cord did not last but a few days for some reason+-1
"good oem car charger, i originally bought it for my galaxy S2 and later on that week I upgrated to the Galaxy S3 and it works prefectly fine, I would recommend this product", works well. Not very long,great buy,Works well.+1
You have to hold it in a certain place in other for it to charge. I'll just buy the Verizon  charger instead,"12 17, 2013",Do not recomend.+-1
This charger works perfectly.  It is the official Samsung charger so I was sure it would work just fine. I highly recommend it.,"04 9, 2014",A2DHFLDTV8BMWK,Jean Polycart,Jean P. review.+1
"I use this charger with my GS2 from Straight Talk.  This charger is working as expected, charges the phone fine and seems like a quality product, not flimsy and cheap feeling like some chargers I have ordered in the past.+1
"This thing worked well when it actually functioned, but today it stopped working and I am past the 30 day return window by 10 days give or take.I'm guessing the quality might not be great as that is why it stopped working, who knows.. What a waste of money.", the charger works just as it should and all the ports stay connected just fine.People in other reviews were complaining that the cord was too short-- about 2 or 3 feet-- and that was what I was expecting. Instead, I got a 5 foot cord which is a bit long for the purpose I was going to use it for (in my car). Now I have a long cord dangling everywhere. That extra length may be a bonus for most, but I bumped down the rating due to seller's lack of description and/or consistency. Also I'm fairly certain the product image was changed because when I ordered it, a different style adapter was pictured... I was expecting a square shape with the USB port on the side; I got the longer rectangle shape with the USB port on the end... hmm. There's no way to verify that now.In sum: Good charger with good connectivity, looks and acts like it's an original Samsung.  Cord length and adapter style may vary as it seems like the seller is not consistent.+-1